fix: Allow Overriding of `max_channels_per_client` via Environment Variable (#866)
supabase/realtime: README.md

TAILSCALE_AUTHKEY          # {string}      Auth key for the Tailscape app.
DNS_NODES                  # {string}      Node name used when running server in a cluster.
MAX_CONNECTIONS            # {string}     Set the soft maximum for WebSocket connections. Defaults to '16384'.

> MAX_CHANNELS_PER_CLIENT    # {string}     The mazimum number of channels each client can support. Defaults to '100'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TENANT_MAX_CHANNELS_PER_CLIENT    # {string}     The default value of maximum number of channels each tenant can support. Defaults to '100'.
```
